Remove sudo from yarn installation command (#1147)
publiclab/mapknitter: README.md

3. Once npm is installed, you should be able to use it to install Yarn:

```Bash
$ npm install -g yarn
```

> NOTE: Refer [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16151018/npm-throws-error-without-sudo) incase NPM throws permission errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Refer [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16151018/npm-throws-error-without-sudo) in case NPM throws permission errors
```
